Ncsdk 20640 event manager proxy subscribe (#10695)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The library now supports using the GPIO expander for the buttons, switches, and LEDs on the nRF9160 DK.

* :ref:`app_event_manager` library:

  * Added :c:macro:`APP_EVENT_ID` macro.

* :ref:`event_manager_proxy` library:

>   * :ref: :c:func:`event_manager_proxy_subscribe` redundant ``remote_event_name`` argument removed.

Reviewer: I think the library docs also needs to be updated. https://res.developer.nordicsemi.com/ncs/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/others/event_manager_proxy.html#subscribing-to-remote-events
```suggestion
  * The :c:func:`event_manager_proxy_subscribe` function is deprecated and the ``remote_event_name`` argument used by this function is removed.
```
Considering :c:func:`event_manager_proxy_subscribe` function  is now deprecated.

Author: I would not say that the function is deprecated....

Author: The documentation part updated.
